<wiki:comment>
Home page of Power Tools wiki, with portions html in addition to WikiSyntax
</wiki:comment>

= http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/houselogo.png KOC Power Tools =

The KOC Power Tools is a 3rd Party script add-on for the multi-player social networking game <a href="http://www.kabam.com/games/kingdoms-of-camelot">Kingdoms of Camelot</a> developed by <a href="http://www.kabam.com/">Kabam</a>. The KOC Power Tools is not developed by Kabam nor is it supported by Kabam. It is created by a group of individuals who refer to themselves as the "KoC Scripters" and is designed to enhance the player's enjoyment of the game Kingdoms of Camelot and improve functionality of many game features. The script is run with the <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/">Greasemonkey</a> extension which must be added to your browser or it may also be used with the <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/scriptish//">Scriptish</a> add-on. Currently the browsers that support these extensions are <a href="http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/new/">FireFox</a> and <a href="http://www.cometbird.com/">Cometbird</a>. 

The KOC Power Tools is designed to be used in conjunction with <a href="http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/101052">KOC Power Bot</a>, so you must load both scripts onto your browser for them to work effectively.

There are two available downloads of the KOC Power Tools. The official release is located on <a href="http://userscripts.org/scripts/show/103659">userscripts.org</a>. You may also load the SVN version which will contain the most recent development of the script. However, the SVN may contain bugs and you will need to check for new releases on your own.

http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0107_dl.png<a href="http://koc-power-tools.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/koc_power_tools.user.js">Download SVN</a>

<em>*Tip - If you want a reminder of critical updates for your Power Tools, stick with the Official Release. </em>

<wiki:comment>
Add pictures and more details here
</wiki:comment>

== Trouble Shooting ==

Sometimes an update to the extension that enables Java Script on your browser will break the scripts you have loaded until they too are updated. If your script is broken after an update, revert to the previous version of the extension.

<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/versions/">Version History for Greasemonkey</a>

<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/scriptish/versions/">Version History for Scriptish</a>

If you are having trouble with losing data entered on your script, remember that data is only hard saved on a proper shut down of the browser and not when it crashes. So rather than running your browser non-stop for days, try shutting down the browser periodically, or at least on a daily basis.

*Firefox 3.X is no longer supported*, it is recommended that you switch to Firebox 4 for optimal performance of your bot.

----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOverview">Overview</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMarches">Marches</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToTrain">Train</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToInfo">Info</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToPlayers">Players</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToKnights">Knights</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToWilds">Wilds</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMessages">Messages</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToAlliance">Alliance</a>