#summary View information on Troop/unit info, Crest info, Distance calculator and and Map

<h2>Info Tab</h2>

Click TOOLS, Click Info

<h4>Unit Information</h4>
The first thing you see is a grid containing troops.  The Grid shows stats for all types of troops and defenses.  You do not necessarily have all these troops in your cities.  This is FYI only.

<h4>Crest Information</h4>
Each Column is a required crest
Each Row is the Deed number available.
The number before the crest name is the required crest
The number in the parentheses is the amount you have.

<h4>Distance Calculator</h4>
Useful to determine your distance from your cities to your other cities, or any coordinate.
Type coordinates into the coordinates fields for both the “First Location” and the “Second Location”
Note the distance is calculated automatically.

<h4>Map</h4>
The map shows the domain in its entirety with the locations of your cities plotted.

----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOverview">Overview</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMarches">Marches</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToTrain">Train</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowtoInfo">Info</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToPlayers">Players</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToKnights">Knights</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToWilds">Wilds</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMessages">Messages</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToAlliance">Alliance</a>