#summary query your messages and incoming alliance reports quickly

<h4>Messages</h4>
Click TOOLS, Click Messages
This option allows you to query messages stored in your inbox or out box

Select “Inbox” or “outbox” in the “Search in:” field.
Select the amount of pages you wish to search in the “Pages” field.
“Search in:” allows you to query the name of the receiver or you can search by date
In the “Search For:” field type key word of the subject or name of the receiver.
Click Start search

Note if you leave the “Search for blank all recent messages will come up.
Note all messages containing the specified requirements are pulled up below.

Click “Open” next to the message you wish to find.

<h4>Reports</h4>
This option is very handy when scanning for incoming attacks.
Click TOOLS click Messages
Click Reports and select the amount of pages you wish to search.

Note you cannot use the keywords in this section.

Note all reports shown are INCOMMING and Reinforcing troop movement.  If you don’t have any reports show then there are no incoming attacks/scouts/reinforcements on the specified pages.

----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOverview">Overview</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMarches">Marches</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToTrain">Train</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowtoInfo">Info</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToPlayers">Players</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToKnights">Knights</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToWilds">Wilds</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMessages">Messages</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToAlliance">Alliance</a>