#summary This is a way to set up and manage your training ques quickly and efficiently

Train Troops

Click TOOLS, Click Train
Select the city you wish to train from
Select the troop type you wish to train
Select the number of training slots you wish to fill.
Select the mount of troops you wish to train
Click “Train Troops”

Train Defenses

Click TOOLS, Click Train
Select the city you wish to train from
Select the troop defense type  you wish to train
Select the number of training slots you wish to fill.
Select the mount of troops you wish to train
Click “Build Defenses”

Viewing the page

Scroll Down

Under your KOC name you will see troop types; these are troop types that are currently in the selected city.  This helps you decide what you want to train.

Below the troops in the city, the resources in your city are visible.  The limiting troop training factor is highlighted in red.

Further down the screen you see your training que.  

Deleting some or all of your que. 

On the training troops que list, you will find an “x” next to each qued up troop. 
Click the “x”
Note the troop is deleted. You are not asked if you are sure you want to delete the train.

----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOverview">Overview</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMarches">Marches</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToTrain">Train</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowtoInfo">Info</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToPlayers">Players</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToKnights">Knights</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToWilds">Wilds</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMessages">Messages</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToAlliance">Alliance</a>