#summary Currently wiki is being updated, more information soon.

<h1>Knights Tab</h1>
This Tab helps you manage your knights quickly and effectively without having to go to your Knight’s Hall.

Click Tools, Click Knights
When this window opens you will see several columns.

•	Role – The title, Forman, Marshal, Alchemists, Steward is shown here. Knights not designated will not have a title next to them

•	Name

•	Pol Com Int Res – the number under these abbreviations is the knights skill points in the corresponding field.  The highlighted field is the suggested field you assign the points to.

•	--- Unassigned --- Shows the sill points that need to be assigned, click on the “Pol Com Int Res” abbreviation to assign skill points to the corresponding field.

•	Salary – how much you pay these guys to hunt barbs for you, the higher the skill points the more you pay.

•	Level - for every ten levels your knight, 1 fountain of youth is needed to redistribute the skill points.

----

<wiki:comment>
Following block is for the quick navigation links on the Bottom of the page.
</wiki:comment>

<p align="center"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/Tabs">Tabs</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOverview">Overview</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMarches">Marches</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToTrain">Train</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowtoInfo">Info</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToPlayers">Players</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToKnights">Knights</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToWilds">Wilds</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToOptions">Options</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToMessages">Messages</a> http://koc-power-bot.googlecode.com/files/0009_round%20cyan.png <a href="http://code.google.com/p/koc-power-tools/wiki/HowToAlliance">Alliance</a>