#summary Allows you to search KOC player information and alliance information.  All info is taken from the Leader board and could be up to 24 hours old.

<h2>Players Tab</h2>

for a walk through with pictures click here: 

http://koc-power-tools.googlecode.com/files/KOC%20Scripters%20player.ppsx

Click TOOLS, Click Players
<h4>Searching a Player</h4>
Type the name of a person’s KOC name in the “Enter all or part of a player name:” Field

•	You need to enter at least three characters of the individuals KOC name.


Click “Find Player”

Four Columns appear
<li type="disc">Name – KOC name </li>
<li type="disc">Might – shows the individuals might points </li>
<li type="disc">Online – shows online status </li>
<li type="disc">Facebook –  by clicking the profile button you are directed to the person’s face book profile </li>
<li type="disc">Lookup</li>
 # 	Details – shows the current updated alliance, number of cities, and what providence the cities are in
 # 	Leader board – shows the following information at last leader board update
<ol type="a">
 <li>Player – KOC name</li>
 <li>Might – Player might</li>
 <li>Cities – number of total cities </li>
 <li>Rank – leadership or member in alliance </li>
 <li>Online – online/offline status</li>
 <li>City Name </li>
 <li>Lvl – Level of city</li>
 <li>Coords – coordinates of city</li>
 <li>Distance – distance from your selected city or selected coordinates</li>
 <li>Eta – average time of arrival from the coordinates selected </li>
 <li>Last Login – last time the player logged in or refreshed the page.</li>
</ol>

3	Last Log in – last time the player logged in or refreshed the page.

To change the coordinates for the Distance and Eta sections, above the player information after clicking the “Leader board” option, click your city you wish to measure from.  

In the colored section “Model ETA with:” selects different troop types you can calculate out how long till you can reach that city.  This does not calculate research and relief station values. 

<h4>Searching an Alliance</h4>
Similar to searching a Player however you will be shown All players of an alliance with the following columns

 <li>Player</li>
 <li>Might</li>
 <li>Cities</li>
 <li>Rank</li>
 <li>Online</li>
 <li>City Name</li>
 <li>Lvl</li>
 <li>Coords</li>
 <li>Distance</li>
 <li>Eta</li>
 <li>Last Login</li>


This may seem repetitious, however it shows there is more than one way to find information out about a player.

<h4>List alliances</h4>
Clicking the “List alliances” button will show you all the alliances in their ranking.  The alliances are color coordinated for diplomacy.  

Clicking the “view members” button will show the leader board list of all members, 
NOTE this information may be up to 24 hours old

<h4>Your Alliance Name Button</h4>
This will show all the members in your alliance in the above listed columns